[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you hi everybody
Ganga Sunita I'd like to share with you
a little bit of me playing my life I
might look successful and happy being in
front of you today but I once suffered
from severe depression and was in total
despair the violin which means
everything to me became a grave burden
on me although many people try to
comfort and encourage me their word
sounded like meaningless noise when I
was just about to give everything up
after years of suffering I started to
rediscover the true power of music
[Music]
in the midst of hardship it was the
music that gave me and restored my soul
the comfort the music gave me was just
indescribable and it was a real
eye-opening experience for me too and it
totally changed my perspectives on life
and set me free from the pressure of the
of becoming a successful violinist do
you feel like you are all alone I hope
that this piece will touch and heal your
heart as it did for me
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you now I use my music to reach
people's heart and I found there are no
boundaries my audience is anyone who is
hurt listen even those who are not
familiar with classical music I not only
play at the prestigious classical
concert halls like Carnegie Hall and
Kennedy Center but also hospitals
churches prisons and restricted
facilities for leprosy patients just
mentioned a few now with my last piece
I'd like to show you that the classical
music can be so much fun
exciting and that it can rock you let me
introduce you my brand new project
baroque in rock which became a golden
disc most recently it's such an honor
for me I think while I'm enjoying my
life as an unhappy musician I'm learning
a lot more recognition than I've ever
imagined but it's now your turn
changing your perspectives will not only
transform you but also the whole world
just play your life with all you have
and share it with the world
I really look forward to witnessing or
transforming world it by you tedsters
play your life and stay tuned
[Music]
[Applause]